Implement support for mimir.rules.kubernetes federated group rules (#3270)
grafana/alloy: docs/sources/reference/components/mimir/mimir.rules.kubernetes.md

`mimir.rules.kubernetes` discovers `PrometheusRule` Kubernetes resources and loads them into a Mimir instance.

> It can also federate rules from different source tenants into a target Mimir tenant by interpreting the `monitoring.grafana.com/source_tenants` annotation on `PrometheusRule` resources.

Reviewer: The doc looks good, maybe a link to https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/references/architecture/components/ruler/#federated-rule-groups would be nice to learn more about the federated rule groups

Author: ```suggestion
It can also [federate rules](https://grafana.com/docs/mimir/latest/references/architecture/components/ruler/#federated-rule-groups) from different source tenants into a target Mimir tenant by interpreting the `monitoring.grafana.com/source_tenants` annotation on `PrometheusRule` resources.
```

Makes a lot of sense

If a query in the form of `up != 1` is found in `PrometheusRule` CRDs, it's modified to `up{app="my-app"} != 1` before sending it to Mimir.

This example demonstrates tenant federation. Rules defined in the `PrometheusRule` CR are considered to originate from `source-tenant-alpha` and `source-tenant-beta`.

> The `mimir.rules.kubernetes` component will sync these rules to the `target-tenant-main` in the configured Mimir instance.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `mimir.rules.kubernetes` component syncs these rules to the `target-tenant-main` in the configured Mimir instance.
```
